Mine;It is dark and cold. There is blinding light at the end of the tunnel forward from you;Mine Entrance,forward;light,it is too bright for your darkness adjusted eyes to make anything out
Mine Entrance;You’re at the entrance to a mine. Forward from you is a dense forest. To the left of you is a forge for processing ore. There is a rope ladder that leads to an airship up from you;Mine,back:Forge,left:Forest,forward:Airship Entrance,up;ladder,a rope ladder that leads down to an airship:mine,a small encampment setup for miners:forest,a small path winds out of view between the towering trees:forge,a makeshift forge setup for the processing of ore. There are some pickaxes beside it:pickaxe,a sturdy pickaxe with a sharp point,weapon2.takeable:airship,an airship suspended in the sky. It glitters in the sun and a rope ladder flutters below it
Forge;The equipment lays discarded and the forge is cold. Back from you lies the mine entrance;Mine Entrance,back;equipment,tools for working metals that are showing signs of rust.weapon1:forge,charcoal and ash cover the forge. A golden key is hidden amidst the ash,>key,a golden key with an airship symbol inscribed on it,takeable.key.gold1
Forest;It is eerily still amongst the trees. Back from you lies the mine entrance;Mine Entrance,back;trees,tall trees surround and tower high above you. Their leaves are red and coat the forest floor. A sword is embedded within the trees,>sword,a sword forged by the gods,takeable.weapon4.gold4:mine,a small encampment for setup for miners
Airship Entrance;The wind is harsh and the ground is a distance away. There is a door forward from you. A rope ladder leads to a mine down from you;Mine Entrance,down;door,it is a metal door with an empty keyhole. It can probably be smashed open,openable(Airship!forward.locked.enemy1.gold1:ladder,a rope ladder that leads down to a mine:mine,a small encampment setup for miners
Airship;The final-boss looms in front of you. Blood coats the floor and walls. Only a weapon forged by the gods would be able to slay this mighty demon;Airship Entrance,back;blood,still wet though strangely there are no bodies:final-boss,Black wings sprout from a vague shifting dark mass,end.enemy4.gold4